Handle supported models (#44)
nf-core/epitopeprediction: docs/output.md

HTHVYLFLS 9 17 3336962 ENSG00000127780 ENST00000248384 ENSP00000248384 SNP syfpeithi-1.0 7.0 17.5 False False False c.173C>A p.Pro58His
HVYLFLSNL 9 17 3336962 ENSG00000127780 ENST00000248384 ENSP00000248384 SNP syfpeithi-1.0 0.0 0.0 False False False c.173C>A p.Pro58His
```

## Supported models

> When running hte pipeline using the `--show_supported_models` parameter, the information about supported models for the installed predictor tool versions will be written to the results folder as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the pipeline using the `--show_supported_models` parameter, the information about supported models for the available predictor tool versions will be written to the results folder as well.
```

> **Output directory: `results/supported_models/`**

Reviewer: should this go to `results` ?
